Add information about the `registries` block in `codeql-workspace.yml` (#10344)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/publishing-and-using-codeql-packs.rst

.. code-block:: yaml

   registries:
   - packages:
     - 'codeql/*'
     - 'other-org/*'
     url: https://ghcr.io/v2/
   - packages: '*'
     url: https://containers.GHE_HOSTNAME/v2/

The CodeQL CLI will determine which registry to use for a given package name by finding the first item in the ``registries`` list with a ``packages`` property that matches that package name.
This means that you'll generally want to define the most specific package name patterns first. The ``packages`` property may be a single package name, a glob pattern, or a YAML list of package names and glob patterns.

> The ``registries`` list can also be placed inside of a ``codeql-workspace.yml`` file. Doing so will allow you to fix the registries list for a specific workspace, so that it can be shared amongst other CodeQL users of the workspace. The ``registries`` list in the ``codeql-workspace.yml`` will be merged with and take precedence over the list in the global ``qlconfig.yml``. For more information about ``codeql-workspace.yml``, see :ref:`About CodeQL workspaces <about-codeql-workspaces>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``registries`` list can also be placed inside of a ``codeql-workspace.yml`` file. Doing so will allow you to define the registries to be used within a specific workspace, so that it can be shared amongst other CodeQL users of the workspace. The ``registries`` list in the ``codeql-workspace.yml`` will be merged with and take precedence over the list in the global ``qlconfig.yml``. For more information about ``codeql-workspace.yml``, see :ref:`About CodeQL workspaces <about-codeql-workspaces>`.
```
